DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega
Bakugan Interspace the number of people accessing it
from around the world totally exploded!
Of course Drago and I are back in action,
along with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
The flood of new Battlers means we're up against
some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen before...
... but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN! \u266a
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: Aaaaaarrrrggggghhhh!
AMAZON: Aquos Bomber!
AMAZON: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Drago! Whoooooaaaa!
AMAZON: Get up. I'm not done with you yet!
DAN: [groan] Drago.
DRAGO: [groan] Don't worry.
I'm good.
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Ooooomph!
DAN: I don't know!
DAN: I don't know anything, anymore.
DRAGO: If only I was faking,
that kid put me down really hard.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Chaos Control
ANUBIAS: Is it true you've found them, Master Mag Mel?
MAG MEL : Yes. They are in New Vestroia,
the birthplace of all Bakugan.
ANUBIAS: In New Vestroia?
Well that never even occurred to me.
[shell cracking]
[explosion]
MAG MEL: I gift to you this new Chaos Bakugan
and a new Mechtogan.
MAG MEL: Take this new pair as your battling partners.
Go now to New Vestroia...
MAG MEL: Find Dan and Drago ...
... and bring them both to me!
ANUBIAS: It will be my honour and pleasure, sir.
MAG MEL: Do not fail me, Anubias.
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle]
ANUBIAS: I'm coming for you, Kuso and your buddy Drago!
[finger snap]
[laughter]
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
Haaaaaaah!
Huuuuuuaah!
DRAGO: [panting, exertion reax]
DRAGO: I think we should train separately for a while.
DAN: What the heck are you talking about?
DAN: Why would we do that?
We're a team, dude.
DRAGO: Perhaps that's where the problem lies.
Before we're able to fight effectively as a team,
we need to re-examine who we are as individuals.
DAN: That's crazy talk man. We just have to have to ...
DRAGO: I need to be alone!
DRAGO: I'm in bad shape, Dan.
I'm no good to anyone like this.
DAN: Okay ...
I guess ...
DRAGO: [sigh]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Drago!
DAN: Come back Drago!
DRAGO: I'm sorry Dan.
DRAGO: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaah!
Huuuuuuaaah!
DRAGO: Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: Aarrgh!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: I have to stop being afraid,
of these blasted ghosts inside my head.
Lack of focus is why I'm losing control.
DRAGO: It's pathetic! [growl]
PREYAS: Hey um, sorry to interrupt old friend but ah ...
DRAGO: [gasp] Huh?
DRAGO: Preyas?
PREYAS: [laughter] I don't 'spose
you've seen Amazon around, huh?
[stone plopping in water]
DAN: I wish I knew what I could say or do,
to help Drago get past all of this.
DAN: Aw man! [grunt]
What kind of a partner am I?
DAN: Huh?
What the?
Whoa!
DAN: [gasp]
AMAZON: I'm back for more, boys. Where's Drago?
Let's have a real battle this time.
DAN: Huh?
AMAZON: Uh ... are you alone?
PREYAS: Well, I told the kid
I thought you were holding back.
That you would've smoked him if you'd gone all out.
He got upset and said he wanted a rematch.
Then he just got up and took off.
DRAGO: I'm sorry, Preyas.
There's a lot going on that you don't know about.
DRAGO: It's complicated.
PREYAS: [sigh] It's okay, Drago.
You don't have to tell me anything
unless you don't want to.
We're still buddies.
Awww, where is Amazon?
AMAZON: What d'ya mean he's afraid of losing control?
AMAZON: That has to be the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard! [giggle]
DAN: What does that mean, dude?
AMAZON: Having that much power would be awesome!
How could anyone be afraid of it?
If it were me, I'd let it all go! Wouldn't you?
DAN: You don't understand ...
AMAZON: What's to understand? He's afraid of his powers,
which meant he chickened out and let me win our battle.
He treated me like a chump. That's not cool, dude!
Bakugan are supposed to embrace power, not fear it.
AMAZON: I thought Drago was supposed to be
the baddest Bakugan that ever was.
That might have been true once,
but it's ancient history now.
AMAZON: Drago is just a washed up coward.
DAN: Watch it!
You don't know what you're talking about, punk!
AMAZON: Huh?
DAN: Drago's no coward!
He's just smart enough to know that with great power
comes great responsibility!
But you wouldn't understand that.
Nobody does.
[mighty roar]
DAN: Drago is doing ... what's best.
AMAZON: Huh? How do you mean?
DAN: [gasp]
AMAZON: What's happening? I feel kinda weird.
DAN: It's a ripple in the dimension.
Someone must've just teleported here.
DAN: [gasp] Drago!
DRAGO: Huh? PREYAS: Huh?
ANUBIAS: So this is New Vestroia, huh?
It seems like a perfect habitat for losers.
DRAGO: Who are you?
ANUBIAS: You can think of me as a messenger.
DRAGO: What?
ANUBIAS: I don't see Kuso anywhere. No matter.
I'll have fun with Drago in the meantime.
ANUBIAS: Let's skip the introductions.
There will be time for that later!
Right now we battle!
[loud growl]
DRAGO: Huh? What is that?
PREYAS: I've never seen a Bakugan like that before!
ANUBIAS: Go Darkus Iron Dragonoid!
Ability Activate!
Olin Terror!
DRAGO: Watch out! PREYAS: Whoa!
DRAGO: Uh oh!
PREYAS: Oh no Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
ANUBIAS: Don't just lay there. Get up!
Come on and fight!
DRAGO: [groan] [grunt]
PREYAS: Hold on a second pal!
ANUBIAS: [gasp]
DRAGO: Preyas?
PREYAS: If you wanna fight how 'bout you take me on then?
ANUBIAS: Let's go!
ANUBIAS: Let's win this for Mag Mel!
DAN: Be careful out there, Drago!
SHUN: Why are you so quiet Marucho?
MARUCHO: I was just thinking about Dan.
SHUN: Why?
MARUCHO: Well, we haven't heard from him or Drago.
Aren't you worried about them?
SHUN: Not one bit.
MARUCHO: But, they're our friends!
SHUN: Real friends don't ... abandon each other.
AMAZON: Do you really think someone evil is here?
DAN: Trust me. I can feel it.
DAN: I should've never let Drago go off on his own.
I hope I can find him in time.
PREYAS: Hiiiii-yayayaya!
DRAGO: I see your skills haven't dulled at all, Preyas.
DRAGO: I wish I could say the same.
DRAGO: [frustrated grunt]
ANUBIAS: Loud doesn't equal skilled.
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Garam Damura!
PREYAS: Is that supposed to scare me, pal?
Wave Shield!
PREYAS: Time to finish this clown off.
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Ocelot!
PREYAS: Huh? Aaaaaaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
DRAGO: Oh no!
DRAGO: Preyas!
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph. Let's go. Mechtogan Venexus!
ANUBIAS: This is going to be fun!
ANUBIAS: Now! Iron Dragonoid and Mechtogan Venexus, attack!
[rock explosion]
PREYAS: Whoa! DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
[mighty roar]
[computer beeps and trills]
PREYAS: Um, nice robot?
DRAGO: Incredible! He can summon a Mechtogan at will!
ANUBIAS: Hmmph. This is going to be fun.
Now! Iron Dragonoid and Mechtogan Venexus, attack!
ANUBIAS: [grunt, pain reax]
[mighty roar]
DRAGO: And he can control it too? Unbelievable!
PREYAS: Wave Shield!
[wave splash]
PREYAS: No way!
That should've nullified his ability!
Whoa! Aaaaaarrrrrrrggggggghhhhh!
DRAGO: Preyas!
PREYAS: Oooomph!
PREYAS: Uh oh.
DRAGO: Take cover!
[loud growl]
[laser blasts]
PREYAS: [grunt, exertion reax]
PREYAS: [scared laughter]
DRAGO: Enough!
DAN: Whoaa! Drago!
AMAZON: What the heck is that?
DAN: [gasp]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: What's this?
PREYAS: Whoa! Are you okay?
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[energy crackles]
[thunder crash]
[ground and metallic impact]
[mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: [frustrated grunt] Don't just stand there!
Crush those insects! Now!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
[body impact]
ANUBIAS: Watch out!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: Aaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhh!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: That's it! Give in to the power, Drago!
[evil laughter]
RAZENOID: Don't hold anything back!
Let it take you over.
Embrace it and then release your inner fire!
Destroy everything you touch,
and show the world your true strength!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
PREYAS: Whoa! That is some seriously scary power.
Drago, buddy, you've gotta keep control, dude!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
PREYAS: Whoa!
PREYAS: Ooooooowwwww!
AMAZON: What is Drago doing down there?
AMAZON: Why is he attacking my Sensei like that?
They're supposed to be friends.
DAN: It's not him!
Something's taken over him!
DAN: I don't know what's going on Drago,
but you gotta snap out of it
before you rip New Vestroia in half!
DRAGO: Haaaaaah.
Huuuuuaaah!
AMAZON: Whoa!
AMAZON: Aw snap! That was way too close dude.
DAN: Drago!
AMAZON: I don't like the way he's looking at us.
DAN: [gasp]
DRAGO: I'm in bad shape, Dan.
I'm no good to anyone like this.
DAN: [gasp] Hmmmmmph!
AMAZON: Hey! Where are you going?
DAN: Drago! This isn't you, buddy!
MAG MEL: Hmmmmph! What is that fool doing?
DRAGO: [tormented growl]
DAN: Battling is not about total destruction.
There's no honour in fighting this way.
You know that!
DAN: You're better than that!
We both are, buddy.
Snap out of it.
Come on. Drago!
DRAGO: Dan?
RAZENOID: What's happening?
DAN: Please, buddy. Wake up.
Drago. Wake up!
DRAGO: [gasp]
RAZENOID: [grunt, pain reax] MAG MEL: What is it?
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Dan ...
DAN: [groan] Huh?
DAN: Drago.
DRAGO: I heard you calling out to me.
DAN: You're back.
DAN: Buddy, I missed you.
DRAGO: Thank you Dan.
DAN: Yeah, well, what are partners for, huh?
DRAGO: Right!
[mighty roar]
DRAGO: Huh?
DRAGO: Enough!
DRAGO: If you really came from me then you'll obey
... my code of battling!
Perhaps, I need to give you a demonstration!
AMAZON: Don't forget about me. [grunt, exertion reax]
He sure is a big sucker!
AMAZON: Whoa!
PREYAS: [grunt, exertion reax] I want in on the action too!
AMAZON: Sensei!
PREYAS: Hey kid!
DRAGO: Titanium Hummer!
DRAGO: Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[rising mighty roar]
DAN: He transformed!
DRAGO: If I want him to follow my lead,
I'm going to have to tame him first.
Time to break this wild horse! Ready, Dan?
DAN: Are you sure?
DRAGO: I can control this now. I know it!
DRAGO: We just have to work together.
DAN: Awesome!
DAN: Here we go, pal.
Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
AMAZON: Oh no! Is he gonna lose it again?
PREYAS: Hope not!
[laser blasts]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
[explosion]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
MAG MEL: [gasp] What is that light?
[metallic body impact]
DRAGO: Yes! DAN: Nice one, Drago!
You controlled your powers.
ANUBIAS: Interesting.
ANUBIAS: So that is the full extent of your strength.
ANUBIAS: Now, how about you show me
your true battle form, huh?
Let's finish this, right Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt] [groan]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [groan] I'm good. Don't worry.
ANUBIAS: Hah! I've had enough of these lightweights!
AMAZON: Whooooa! PREYAS: Aaaaarrrrrrgggghh!
[heavy foot stomps]
[growl]
DRAGO: [grunt]
ANUBIAS: [chuckle]
[metallic body hit]
ANUBIAS: What?
DRAGO: Zenthon!
DAN: He saved him!
[punch impacts]
[mighty roar]
PREYAS: That dude's got power!
AMAZON: No kidding. I hope he smoke's that turkey!
ANUBIAS: How did Drago win over his Mechtogan?
ANUBIAS: Who do you think you are?
ANUBIAS: You're not going to make a fool out of me!
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Ocelot!
DAN: [angry grunt] Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Blazer!
ANUBIAS: What are you squawking about?
Stand up and fight back!
Pathetic.
Don't you dare shame me!
ANUBIAS: [gasp] Huh?
[metallic body hit]
[crash impact]
[laser pulsing]
[electronic ringing]
[mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: Venexus! Aaarrgh!
ANUBIAS: This can't be.
I was given my Bakugan as a gift by Master Mag Mel.
They ...They were supposed to bring us a victory!
Ability activate!
DRAGO: Now, Dan!
DAN: You got it, pal.
Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
ANUBIAS: [grunt, exertion reax]
AMAZON: Oh yeah! You really thrashed those guys!
AMAZON: [nervous chuckle] Easy there, big fella.
I'm on your side, remember?
DAN: We did it, pal.
Together we're the best!
DRAGO: I guess. [groan]
DAN: Drago!
AMAZON: [sigh] That was crazy intense, guys!
AMAZON: But man are you two awesome
when you battle together!
PREYAS: Yeah, but it looks like there's still some kinks
to work out with the new powers.
But don't worry, we'll help you
'cos that's what friends are for!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Useless Chaos Bakugan!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Dan Kuuuussssoooooo!
RAZENOID: How did Drago break free from our clutches?
[mighty angry roar]
MAG MEL: It seems that Dan and Drago have both grown
since returning to New Vestroia.
Which means that ...
... they have even more to offer me
than I ever expected.
MAG MEL: [crazed maniacal laughter]
MARUCHO: Ever since he's taken the reigns
as the leader of the Battle Brawlers,
Shun has been battling non-stop.
It's like he's on some kind of mission
to prove himself, but he has no reason to.
He signed up to fight in the Battle Royal,
even though I told him not to.
He needed a break after all the action he'd seen
but he wouldn't listen.
As a result of that, Taylean suddenly created
his own Mechtogan.
That's the last thing we needed!
You have to tune in to see the chaos it caused.
I'm telling you it was epic!
I really hope Dan gets back here soon!